"She has the greatest smile."

"She is the prettiest person I know."

"She really is the coolest; I'd love to be friends with her."

"She's so strong!!"

"She's inspiring."

"She is the smartest person I know."

"Her perspective is so refreshing."

"A1 at volleyball."

"She is an awesome friend."

"Hanging out with her is always so much fun."

"Being around her makes everything better."

"The world is truly a better place because Hanna Schenkel is in it."

"She always knows what to say."

"A gift to those around her!!!"

"The brightest human being."

"She is absolutely gorgeous."

"I do not know a prettier human being."

"I appreciate her."

"The most perfect person."

"A gift to those around her."

"Her style!!!"

"The funniest, coolest, prettiest person I know."

"Grateful she is in my life."

"I'm inspired by her."

"She's great listener."

"She helps me appreciate life more."

"She is so pure."

"She deserves nothing but happiness."

"I love her."

"Love her more than anything."

"She is the best."

"She is SO kind."

"Happiness."

"I look up to her."

"I love everything she stands for."

"A clout queen."

"The sweetest human being."

"The most genuine and kind hearted person I've ever known."

"Such a beautiful soul."

"Really pretty."

"Easy to talk to."

"My role model."

"Beautiful human with wonderful music taste."

"Scorpio queen."

"I freaking love her."

"She is amazing."

"She is so smart?!?!?!"

"Only sees the good in people."

"The kindest person I know."

"So kind."

"She is so beautiful."

"Most genuine person I know."

"No angel cowboy grandma I'd rather adventure with."

"The sweetest human being on Earth."

"Cares for everyone around her."

"Always knows how to make me laugh."

"She makes you feel like you matter whenever you have a conversation with her."

"One if the most genuine people I've ever had the pleasure of becoming friends with."

"She is so fun to be around."

"She always puts the biggest smile on my face."

"I would not have survived drivers ed without her."

"I love her."

"An absolute ray of sunshine."

"I love adventuring with her."

"Her smile makes you melt inside."

"Gives her friends all of her love and attention"

"She takes the prettiest pictures."

"Idek where to start..."

"She is the nicest person I've ever met."

"She listens to you and makes you feel like you're worth so much."

"She's so funny."

"She's super fun to be around."

"She helps me when I am upset."

"She's beautiful."

"Amazing at volleyball."

"Basically the most perfect human on the planet."

"One thing I always look forward to when coming home is catching up with her."

"I always have a blast with her."

"Simply spending time with her always puts a smile on my face."

"She says we are all angels but she’s the actual angel."

"Queen of the airwaves."

"One with the birds."

"Something I like about Hanna: she eats a turkey sandwich for lunch everyday."

"Beautiful angel sent from Heaven, kindest soul alive."

"I like her laugh."

"Seeing her on the street makes my mornings so much better."

"She is a cool person."

"She has a beautiful smile."

"She has a really cool taste in music."

"I like how positive she is and she’s really good at making people feel better about themselves."

"Very witty and fun to joke with."

"The sweetest roommate."

"My favorite person to listen and dance to Countdown with."

"Best person to rock out to the best motown tunes with."

"Constantly spreading love and positivity."

"A beauty from the inside out:)"

"Couldn’t ask for a better person to share every detail of my life with."

"I hate/love how Hanna can convince me to buy Justin Bieber underwear at 1 AM in Time Square."

"BEST person to go on high walks with thru campus."

"Only person i could switch boys with mid-night and end up making out next to each other on fucking huntington."

"My literal person at Northeastern."

"Go-to for all drama, basically my mom."

"An actual beauty and, the coolest style."

"I love going on adventures with you, even just planning ones that never happen."

"Really groovy dance moves."

"My favorite concert pal."

"Hanna laughs at my jokes. I appreciate that."

"I love how I can say something really wack and Hanna will just go along with it and we will have a nice enjoyable in-depth conversation about taco bell or feet or something."
